I worked on a project many years ago where I interviewed people who created and
supported technical communities.

It was hard work. My young family intersected with deaths of our parents. My
transforming career and the way I can hobble my own legs almost as much as by
another. An idea that seemed prudent in that moment but left me uncertain and
frustrated with the fear of my accepting my art. I tore it all down.

Calling what I did art feels like a pompous pretension if that isn't redundant.
But what pretence do I have to deny a fact that just might mean something
positive about myself. I saw a beauty in something and I wanted to create a new
way to promote the people who make the experience possible because they are the
experience. I faced the technical challenges and built something that was
ostensibly, good. Don't get me wrong, I don't think it was some "huge" thing,
it was something huge to me and took me some places I would never have gone
otherwise. It had a touch that helped people with a loss where Ginny Hendry's
interview was used in part of commemorating her passing. That it helped people
see her, see she *was* valued and respected and not just by her loved ones but
by people beyond her own direct group. It wasn't about me, it was about her,
but I was the one who held that brief spotlight.

The fact is that it was a body of creative works that required
learning techniques for multiple disciplines and hundreds of hours of intense
thinking and work. It was a creative expression that reflected my own
sensibilities and spirit even if the execution was technically clumsy, that's a
reflection of me, the artist's cluminess. Over time I developed my skills and
changed my style and grew. I sought out a way to expose a facet of the human
experience that I admired and cherished. This is all to say, that it was
personal and intentional, and it was art, I am an artist.

This project was spun up as a kind of antenna into the past. The original site
is gone (but it really isn't it is just sleeping). I still own the domain
though. So I spun up this little Rails app, added Ahoy, AppSignal was fun, and
created a blackhole endpoint so I could listen for signs of life. They are
faint but not silent.

Almost a decade since I tore everything down and fell into my own blackhole
there is a kind of Hawking Radiation. I'm seeing pingbacks from WordPress
blogs, some bots. There are links out there still. The project made an effect
that still faintly echos to this day. That's pretty cool.

Get over yourself. I'm 47 at time of this writing. A cynical gen-x'er who
struggles to think well of himself and accept when things are good. It is
easier to "self-promote" as part of a job, in a bit of light jockeying, but to
sincerely say something about myself directly without wrapping it in the safety
of sarcasm and humor. That's hard. The project was art, my mother was an artist
who painted with hook and yarn and bunting and toilet paper who is gone now,
and I am her son and look at what I drew Mom.
